---
title: Hello World!
author: 
    name: Vivek Kumar Bansal
    site: http://vkbansal.me
date: 2015-01-02
description: Hello World! Happy new year 2015.
tag:
  - general
---
Hello readers, as you can guess from the title, this is my first blog post and this one of my new year resoultions for 2015. I've put together a list of goals, that I've set for myself and hopefully publishing this to keep myself on track. So here we go...

###Learn AngularJS
I know! It's the "cool kid on the block" that everyone should know. But I didn't get a chance to do so. Sure, I've fiddled around with it, but not to an extent where I can call myself "Angular developer". Even at work, we use *backbone.js*. So, this year, I've decided to give it a go and try to learn the ins and outs of it. I've also read about Angular 2.0, which will be a major shift from Angular 1.x.. But what the heck, I love learning new stuff and this shall not stop me.

###Create a useful, popular open source project
This may sound stereotypical, but I really want to build an open source project which can be useful not only for me but to others too. I feel, I'm already on this path with my php port of [prism.js](http://prismjs.com),  which I named [prism.php](https://github.com/vkbansal/prism.php) (obviously). Once it's stable enough, I'll intergrate it in this very site and you can see it in action. If you are interested, you can grab a peek at it [here](http://vkbansal.github.io/prism.php/).

###Learn NodeJS
It's not that I haven't started learning NodeJS. I've created a couple of gulp plugins as a learning process but I'm still far away to call myself a "Node Developer".
<blockquote class="twitter-tweet" lang="en"><p>Front-end devs: If you start putting Node.js on your CV because you installed Bower or Grunt, I swear to god, someone’s gonna get hurt.</p>&mdash; I Am Devloper (@iamdevloper) <a href="https://twitter.com/iamdevloper/status/514797811716861953">September 24, 2014</a></blockquote>
<script async src="//platform.twitter.com/widgets.js" charset="utf-8"></script>

###Keep writing
I've been postponing writing a blog since long. But, now I shall try to write at least a couple of blogs per month.

###Excercise
This is a never ending struggle but I really want to do this. It would be the most difficult task for me and I must complete it.

###And You?
These were my goals. What are yours? Let me know in the comments below or at twitter [@_vkbansal](https://twitter.com/_vkbansal)

